feat(Icon): add an examples for color prop (#1275)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/components/icon/properties.md

| `border`                                    | _(optional)_ use `true` to display a rounded border with an inherited color. Keep in mind that the icon will have a larger total width and height of `+0.5em`.                                                                                                                         |
| `alt`                                       | _(optional)_ the alternative label (text version) of the icon. Defaults to the imported icon name.                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `size`                                      | _(optional)_ the dimension of the icon. This will be the `viewBox` and represent `width` and `height`. Defaults to `16`. You can use `small`,`medium`, `large` or `auto`. Auto will enable that the icon size gets inherited by the parent HTML element if it provides a `font-size`. |

> | `color`                                     | _(optional)_ sets a color property to the `svg` markup. Default is no color, which means _black._ `color` can be any valid color property, such as Hex, RGB or any CSS variable from the [colors table](/uilib/usage/customisation/colors), e.g. `var(--color-ocean-green)`.                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `color`                                     | _(optional)_ the color` can be any valid color property, such as Hex, RGB or preferable – any CSS variable from the [colors table](/uilib/usage/customisation/colors), e.g. `var(--color-ocean-green)`. Default is no color, which means `--color-black-80`.                                                                                                                                  |
```

Author: This has been updated 😊
